Responsive web design

This Notepad will cover: 
1. Viewports
2. Media Queries 
3. Flexible design layouts 
4. Responsive images 
5. Accessibility 
6. The task at hand (more notes on the task specifically will be done in another note) 

1. Viewports 
	What are there and why are they important? 
		Viewports are the screen sizes that the web page is being displayed on 
		This means that all laptops, phone, tablets etc. are all different viewports 
		And a good website will be able to accommodate to all the different sizes accordingly 
		This is what is meant by responsive design 

What are the different ways to describe a viewports size in css? 
	Overall there are two units of measurement when it comes to describe the size of a viewport: relative and absolute units of measure 
	Absolute units are like cm or px 
	Relative units are based on the size of the viewport and resolution or the root elements font size 
		Relative/responsive units of measure include: 
			em : based on the font size of the parent element 
			rem: based on the font size of the root element 
			vw;vh : based on the viewports height or width 
			%: percentage of the parent element 
	the parent element: parent element are all the elements nestled inside the <html> 
	the root element: <html>. like. that's it. 


	
2. Media Queries 
	What are media queries and why are they important? 
		Media queries allow us to run a series of tests and selectively apply CSS to certain sections of a web page according to users' needs 
	
	What are the different media types?
	There are four (4) media types overall: 
		All : The default type, which matches to all devices 
		Print : used with printers 
		Screen : fits devices with a screen 
		Speech : fits devices with a text-to-speech function 
	The four (4) media types are applied using the 'media' query --> @media{}. This allows the web page to respond to different device viewports
	and automatically adjust the web page according to the viewport dimensions. 

3. Flexible design layouts: Grids 
	flexible design ensures that the web page layout remains consistent despite the changes in the overall width of the screen/browser window 
